Update troubleshooting guides with debug service usage (#41396)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/management/admin/troubleshooting.mdx

## Step 1/3. Enable verbose logging

> <Tabs>

Reviewer: In this Tabs component, I don't think there's a way for the user to tell which tab to choose without looking at both tabs. I would either:

- Explain when a user would choose a particular tab before the Tabs component
- Include both possibilities as separate H3 sections and provide context before the first H3.

Author: I've added a short description of both methods.

<TabItem label="With Debug service">

> (!docs/pages/includes/diagnostics/debug-service-intro.mdx!)

Reviewer: From what I gather, the Debug Service does the same thing as enabling verbose logging. Is that true? If not, these instructions should make it clear what starts happening when the Debug Service runs.

Author: In this context, yes. I've updated both places that have a debug service intro so they can be more focused on the use case.

## Step 1/3. Enable verbose logging

To change log levels in Teleport, you can use either of the following methods:

- Debug Service: Allows on-the-fly log level adjustments without restarting the
  instance, which is ideal for troubleshooting sessions.
- Updating configuration: Involves updating the Teleport configuration file and
  restarting the instance.

<Tabs>
<TabItem label="Debug Service">

> Teleport's Debug Service allows administrators to dynamically manage log levels

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Teleport Debug Service allows administrators to dynamically manage log levels
```
To be consistent with the way we name other services in the docs

Restart the `teleport` process to apply the modified log level. Logs will resemble
the following (these logs were printed while joining a server to a cluster, then
terminating the `teleport` process on the server):
</TabItem>
</Tabs>

> ```

Reviewer: Since these are examples of verbose logging, should we associate them with the "Updating configuration" instructions? Otherwise, they seem to be sitting here with no context.

Author: Both flows will change the log levels verbosity. I've moved the paragraph from below the logs example, so it gives context and then shows the example.
